docs/source/documentation.rst, before:

Documentation
=============

At this point in time the package contains four primary classes and two child classes which will are documented in this section.

Player
******

A player class used to represent any sports team/person that will go onto compete in competitions of a classic 1v1 elemination tournament.

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.player
   :members:
   :undoc-members:

Match
*****

A match class to represent to represent two players competing against each other where one will win and the other loses.

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.match
   :members:
   :undoc-members:


Tournaments
***********

A class that represents a 1v1 elimination tournament that a collection of players enter and then proceed to compete until there is only one player who has won it all.

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.tournament
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   
.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.liveTourn
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Seasons
*******

A class the represents a season, which is in essence a sequence of tournaments where the players play one after another and collect points based on how far they got. 

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.season
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   
.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.liveSeason
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Ultilities
**********

These functions are ultility functions designed to help with any analysis to be done.

.. autofunction:: synthSportPlayer.generatePlayers

.. autofunction:: synthSportPlayer.fetchPlayerSummary

.. autofunction:: synthSportPlayer.getPlayerHist

.. autofunction:: synthSportPlayer.getMatchUpData

Commit message:

Byes and Robin
Created the bye class to add in the bye functionality, whenever a player has a match against a bye they will automatically win.

Also created the robin class. This models round robin tournaments where everyone plays everyone else and gets point corresponding to how many matches they won.

docs/source/documentation.rst, after:

Documentation
=============

At this point in time the package contains four primary classes and two child classes which will are documented in this section.

Player
******

A player class used to represent any sports team/person that will go onto compete in competitions of a classic 1v1 elemination tournament. A subclass :py:class:`bye` exists to models byes, for the situations where there are not enough players for the format and so byes can be added.

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.player
   :members:
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.bye
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Match
*****

A match class to represent to represent two players competing against each other where one will win and the other loses.

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.match
   :members:
   :undoc-members:


Tournaments
***********

Classes that represents a tournament that a collection of players enter and then proceed to compete until there is only one player who has won it all. Here we have two main classes :py:class:`tournament` which model 1v1 elimination tournaments. the other :py:class:`robin` which models Round bin tournaments. 

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.tournament
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   
.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.liveTourn
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   
.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.robin
   :members:
   :undoc-members:

Seasons
*******

A class the represents a season, which is in essence a sequence of tournaments where the players play one after another and collect points based on how far they got. 

.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.season
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   
.. autoclass:: synthSportPlayer.liveSeason
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Ultilities
**********

These functions are ultility functions designed to help with any analysis to be done.

.. autofunction:: synthSportPlayer.generatePlayers

.. autofunction:: synthSportPlayer.fetchPlayerSummary

.. autofunction:: synthSportPlayer.getPlayerHist

.. autofunction:: synthSportPlayer.getMatchUpData
